h1. *Tour-Native*

h2. Getting Started

h3. Setup
# Install Ruby version 1.9.3-p362
# Install Rails version 3.2.11
# Install MySql server
# Install MongoDB server
# Copy configuration files
** @cp config/application.example.yml config/application.yml@
** @cp config/database.example.yml config/database.yml@
** @cp config/mongo.example.yml config/mongo.yml@
** @cp config/s3.example.yml config/s3.yml@
# Run bundle install to install necessary gems.
# Create database
** @rake db:create@
** @rake db:migrate@
# Seed data
** @rake db:seed@
# Setup domain for local
** Add @127.0.0.1 tournative-local.com@ to @/etc/hosts@ file
# Run Application
** Go to application folder
** Run @rails s@
** Go to Browser open "tournative-local.com:3000":http://tournative-local.com:3000

b. Note:
* install linecache19 for development environment: http://rubyforge.org/frs/download.php/75414/linecache19﻿-0.5.13﻿.﻿﻿gem

h2. Documentation and Support

h3. Development
* Template Engine: ERB
* Testing Framework: RSpec and Factory Girl
* Front-end Framework: Twitter Bootstrap (Sass)
* Form Builder: SimpleForm
* Authentication: Devise
* Authorization: CanCan
* Image Processing: Paperclip
* Friendly url: friendly_id
* Storage static: aws-sdk (s3)
* Server: Thin

h3. Database
* Tournative use Mysql database with ActiveRecord

h3. Code convention
* CSS code
** class: use dash (-)
** id: use underscore(_)
* Javascript:
** Function: doSomething
** Variable: userName
* Ruby
** Function/Method/variables: use underscore(_)



